you
the word which came to Jeremiah from the
Lord when King Zedekiah sent to him
Pasha the son of bal kaya and Zephaniah
the son of mayor seer the priest please
inquire of the Lord for us for
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon makes war
against us perhaps the Lord will Tegel
with us according to all his wonderful
works that the King may go away from us
then jeremiah said to them thus you
shall say to Zedekiah thus says the Lord
God of Israel behold I will turn back
the weapons of war that are in your
hands with which you fight against the
king of Babylon and the Chaldeans who
beseech you outside the walls and I will
assemble them in the midst of the city I
myself will fight against you with an
outstretched hand and with a strong arm
even in anger and fury and great wrath I
will strike the inhabitants of the city
both man and beast they shall die of a
great pestilence
afterwards says the Lord I will deliver
Zedekiah king of Judah his servants and
the people and such as are left in this
city from the pestilence and the sword
and the famine into the hand of
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon into the
hand of their enemies and into the hand
of those who seek their life and he
shall strike them with the edge of the
sword he shall not spare them or have
pity or mercy now you shall say to these
people thus says the Lord behold I set
before you the way of life and the way
of death he who remains in the city
shall die by the sword by famine and by
pestilence but he who goes out and
defects to the Chaldeans who beseech you
he shall live and his life shall be a
surprise to him for I have set my face
against this city for adversity and not
for good says the Lord it shall be given
into the hand of the king of Babylon and
he shall burn it with fire and
concerning the house of the King of
Judah say hear the word of the Lord o
house of David thus says the Lord
execute judgment in the morning and
deliver him who was plundered out of the
hand of the oppressor lest my fury go
forth like fire and burn so that no one
can quench it because of the evil of
your doings behold I am against you O
inhabitant of the valley and rock of the
plain says the Lord who say who shall
come down against us or who shall enter
our dwellings
but I will punish you according to the
fruit of your doings says the Lord I
will Kindle a fire in his forest and it
shall devour all things around it
[Music]